In order for your information to be correct
the quality of it has to meet certain criteria
that includes:
Accuracy: Is the information on the supplies accurate
such as quantities on hand?
Timeliness: Are items updated in the VistA inventory system
in a timely manner and when it comes in,
is it received timely?
Completeness: Is information on items put into system
completely and not missing fields?
Relevance: Is the information that is input
into the system relevant to the item price, vendor, etc.
easily understood by end users?
Can your staff understand the information
in VistA to take appropriate actions trusted
by end users?
Can the employees trust that the information
in VistA is accurate?